The planet of Gralagos is a life filled world with various different kingdoms, races, and history. There hasn't always been
wars and hatred among the four governing peoples, but the last 200 years
have caused many great battles and destruction to occur. The kingdom of Yuvalon has been comple
tely obscured in desolation and is home to no group. The giants of Nido have been the most reclusive of the 4 peoples and have been able to
avoid the majority of The Eternal Burning Battle, as this ongoing war has been named. However, the giants did make one great stand to defend their
freedom in the Nido War of Ages. During this war the dwarves, elves, and
giants all fought for control over Nido. With the help of the native ogre colonies, the giants were able to maintain control of
their land and escape enslavement. Unfortunately, not all turned out as well for the elves. One of their great
forests, Corgue, was burned to the ground completely covering the kingdom of Sotealia with
ash and despair. The wars continue throughout Gralagos with the War of Eclipse and the War of Rebellion. Near
constant fighting exists between the races and many people have forgotten how it all start
ed. Some say it was because the humans developed their towns and cities over the
elven Ogegeo forest. Others insist that it started with the dwarves rerouting the Oakboia river
below ground, leaving human farmland without water and nutrients. Finally, it is common "knowledge" among most people that the conflict began when the
leaders of the 4 peoples banished the ill-favored races to the underground cave systems that litter Gralagos.
Although there are many theories and common belief, certain scholars are sure that the wars started due to spreading rumors
about ancient civilizations and treasures that exist in the dense cave systems below Eraone. Orcs, Trolls, and Undead are said to roam
the underground caves and tunnels in search for the ancient and lost underground cities of treasure. Factions of the huamns and dwarves have made the most
attempts at finding the treasure. Many have returned with empty hands. More haven't
returned at all. Unfortunately, I fear that I may be one of the latter. I make this record in hope that someday someone may find it
and benefit from it. I also write the history of Gralagos in order to teach future generations. I am a dwarf and have spent many years studying the underground in hopes of finding
the lost treasures that it holds. The dwarves, as a race, are well known for their knowledge of the tunnels, but still so little is known.
From my studies I have discovered hints and clues that the ancient civilizations now buried beneath the land may be located near the mouth of
the Monkgami river inside the trememndously large Forram forest. I have found it and if you are reading this, then
you have too. I have named these caves Leanora. the Leanora caves connect to many other cave systems such as the Munwaki caves, the Eplam caves, and the Paratane caves.
Most caves are normal, but here the dungeon changes and wraps around on itself. It is hard to orient oneself and is difficult to escape. My only advice is to survive.